Hi, guys.
Walker.
In this lecture, we're going to start creating the cut screen.
Okay.
Now, what we're going to need to do first is within the views that are tree, we are going to create
a new PHI.
And we're going to call this cards on the score.
On the score screen.
And then the section is dot dot.
And now we can use control and be two make wide.
And for the now we can just create a stateless widget.
And as well we're going to call this cut screen and over here we need to alight and use controller and
dots in order to impart the material to that package.
Okay.
And in order to have access to a lot of property, what we can do is we can return a scaffold, widgets,
scaffold.
And as you know, the scaffold has.
And I bar.
Oak Harbor.
Kabir.
Okay.
We can use control and save.
Have your trailer, Kramer.
And we're going to go to the customer home screen.
The customer home screen.
Customer of screen and where we have.
This or that.
We have to get rid of this center and then we're going to use the cat screen we just created.
We have to then restart this.
Where to start this and.
We can then check this out.
We just have to wait for this, okay?
And we can then check this out.
Okay.
I think it has to start and cut screen.
The kick inside of the kid.
Back to the card screen.
And for the harbor, we're going to say background color.
This is going to be colours that white.
How did you recover and use control?
And that's the save.
And we're going to get rid of this elevation or this shadow.
To do that, they have our has this elevation property and we're going to set it to zero.
And we can then have a title.
Which is the test which has or which is going to be a test which it can basically take all the widgets
like you're going to call this cards and we can have this tie to this.
This tie, we could increase the font size to maybe 22 and I think we need one additional and use control
and save and default I think is currently we have to change the color to colors that's.
Black.
Look at the color and you're going to see it now.
Okay.
Now, what we can do, we can take this to the middle.
We send the harbor.
The harbor has a property known as center title.
And we're going to set it to true default.
It is set to force.
You're going to see the value in that.
Okay, great.
And over a year we're going to have an icon in order to delete the cut item.
We have had that so far.
To do that so hard item via the harbor has a property known as actions.
Okay.
For the action is going to be an icon.
I combatant so we're going to make the high court clickable right so icon both in.
And the press.
Okay and this is going to be icon and we can then say icons dot.
I think we have an icon known as delete.
Delete.
Delete forever.
Had this over there.
I think we need an additional in this country and they save and go check it out.
So you're going to see the wire.
Okay.
I think they thought the color is white.
So we have to say color and colors the black.
Okay.
And use consciousness to save each country and be.
Look, you can sit over there, okay?
And now we're going to deal with the body.
Look, we tell the scaffold, we have the body property and for the body we are basically going to have
two main widgets, which is going to be a test and a button.
So we are going to display them vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
So the bottom the board is going to have this column.
Column.
And as you know, the column can take multiple widgets.
And the first child is going to be a test.
We just and it's basically just going to say your.
Your card is empty.
Okay, go check it out.
What we can do.
We can wrap this with a center, with jets, and it's going to take it to the center.
And the column has this main axis alignment.
You can then say main US alignment, dot center.
Okay.
You know what this is going to do?
And we can increase the.
Give some STI.
Yes to STI.
And we can increase the font size to maybe.
Full size to maybe 30 and how the chain of command.
And.
Okay.
The thing that is cool.
Or maybe we can give you a call or two.
This can say.
CALLER This is going to be callers that.
Gray or maybe blue.
Gray.
Blue.
And I think it's way too dark.
I think this is okay.
And now we can then have that button.
For the both hand, we can start creating from scratch.
We can just use a widget known as Materia.
We are both in.
Okay.
It does all take the press and also a child which is not really required.
You can see we do not really need to pass that child, but we have to pass the child.
And it's going to say.
Continue.
Continue shopping.
We could continue shopping.
It's okay.
And maybe we can see this.
We can't really see this.
We can't really see the button until we click on it.
So what we can do, we can wrap this within Syria, which is similar, which is kind of similar to that
of the container, because it also has this color property.
We can see colors that.
Said the case contained excessive.
Okay.
You can see it now and.
Now the material also has this border radius, but you can see we do not really need to have the decoration
and the box decoration.
So that should be one of the reason you would want to use a material instead of a container.
Okay.
That circle are of maybe 15.
Hide the camera and go check it out.
Look, you can see.
Okay.
We can have this tie to this and test tie.
And we can change the color to colors.
That's why it's like I teach in Tacoma and youth culture and ask to save.
Okay.
Maybe we could increase the font size to maybe 710.
And check it out.
You just have to check.
And we can also increase the.
The button to do that.
The.
I think.
We tell.
The material, but then it has the mass.
Yeah.
Mean weeds.
Then you should have the.
Yeah, I think main weeds.
This is going to be a media query.
The tough contest that sides the Swedes and we're going to chance it by 0.6.
Okay.
Okay, great.
And now we can give you space between this.
Your cards is empty.
And this to do that over here.
Okay then oversized box and we are given the space vertically.
So this is going to be height, height of maybe 40.
We're just trying this.
Okay.
I think it's way too far.
We could just say maybe 30.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
Now, instead of using this button, you could also create yours from scratch.
I think I should shown you that before.
We could get rid of this or copied to clipboard and we could have a container and.
We can then have a decoration box decoration.
And see color, maybe colors that can.
Right.
And.
We could then have.
Just trying to show you this again.
You can then have.
The child, which is going to be a test and you can say continue on.
Klein.
Can't continue Chopin.
Okay.
Check it out.
And we can give this container a height of 40.
And media query we can.
So we could get the width of our screen media query that's of contest the size dot width and we could
-40.
We basically get to the entire width of our screen, then we are -40 from it in.
Go check it out.
Look, you can see now and it's way too big.
It's way too wide.
You could just say maybe.
Ted.
See all 20.
Okay.
So this is basically it.
And we can.
Make this rounded, as you know.
By did this and other ideas.
But our ideas.
That circular of 15.
Okay.
So this is another way to create buttons.
Right.
Okay.
And we can just send out this.
I'm basically just showing you center.
So it's going to be at the container.
Okay.
You can see it seems good, right?
And we can change the color.
I'm just going to stop here and to make this text clickable or to make this container clickable.
What we can just do is to wrap this with a button, which could be a gesture detector.
And.
On top.
This, this.
Okay, same thing, right?
Okay.
So what we simply did was to just use a widget instead of creating it from scratch.
So this is a mastering course.
So you're basically going to learn how to do everything and you also learn how to master everything
so you could use this method or you could just get rid of this and use that as a sentence.
Most of the time you just have to try this weeds and hide yourself to get the best shape you want.
Okay.
I think this is.
Pretty much.
Cool.
Okay.
In the next lecture, we are then going to create the bottom --.
Okay, guys.